search jobs: mention bucket config in the docs (#57334)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_search/how-to/search-jobs.md

## Enable Search Jobs

> To enable Search Jobs you need to configure a managed object storage service to store the results of your search jobs and then enable the feature in the site administration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Search Jobs, you need to configure a managed object storage service to store the results of your search jobs and then enable the feature in the site administration.
```

> ### Storing search results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storing search results
```

Let's make it an H2

> To target a managed object storage service, you will need to set a handful of environment variables for configuration and authentication to the target service. **If you are running a sourcegraph/server deployment, set the environment variables on the server container. Otherwise, if running via Docker-compose or Kubernetes, set the environment variables on the `frontend` and `worker` containers.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target a managed object storage service, you must set a handful of environment variables for configuration and authentication to the target service. 

- If you are running a `sourcegraph/server` deployment, set the environment variables on the server container
- If you are running via Docker-compose or Kubernetes, set the environment variables on the `frontend` and `worker` containers
```

> #### Using S3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using S3
```
We should try to avoid H4s.

> To target an S3 bucket you've already provisioned, set the following environment variables. Authentication can be done through [an access and secret key pair](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#access-keys-and-secret-access-keys) (and optional session token), or via the EC2 metadata API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the following environment variables to target an S3 bucket you've already provisioned. Authentication can be done through [an access and secret key pair](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#access-keys-and-secret-access-keys) (and optionally through session token) or via the EC2 metadata API.
```

> **_Warning:_** Remember never to commit aws access keys in git. Consider using a secret handling service offered by your cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: Never commit AWS access keys in Git. You should consider using a secret handling service offered by your cloud provider.
```

- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_BACKEND=S3`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_BUCKET=<my bucket name>`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_ENDPOINT=https://s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your access key>`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your secret key>`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=<your session token>` (optional)
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_USE_EC2_ROLE_CREDENTIALS=true` (optional; set to use EC2 metadata API over static credentials)
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_REGION=us-east-1` (default)

> **_Note:_** If a non-default region is supplied, ensure that the subdomain of the endpoint URL (_the `AWS_ENDPOINT` value_) matches the target region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: If a non-default region is supplied, ensure that the subdomain of the endpoint URL (_the `AWS_ENDPOINT` value_) matches the target region.
```

> NOTE: You don't need to set the `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variable when using `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_AWS_USE_EC2_ROLE_CREDENTIALS=true` because role credentials will be automatically resolved.

> #### Using GCS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using GCS
```

> To target a GCS bucket you've already provisioned, set the following environment variables. Authentication is done through a service account key, supplied as either a path to a volume-mounted file, or the contents read in as an environment variable payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the following environment variables to target a GCS bucket you've already provisioned. Authentication is done through a service account key, either as a path to a volume-mounted file or the contents read in as an environment variable payload.
```

- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_BACKEND=GCS`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_BUCKET=<my bucket name>`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_GCP_PROJECT_ID=<my project id>`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_FILE=</path/to/file>`
- `SEARCH_JOBS_UPLOAD_GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_FILE_CONTENT=<{"my": "content"}>`

> #### Provisioning buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provisioning buckets
```
